Updated to provide instructions for multiple Pis (#6)
microsoft/rpi-resources: headless-setup/README.md

1. Connect your Raspberry Pi to a power source
1. On your computer open Command Prompt (windows) or Terminal (mac)
1. Type `ssh pi@raspberrypi.local -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null`. *Note: we use the **UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null** option here in order to not save the hostname to our ssh Known Host record. We only do this the first time we connect because we're going to change the Host Name.*

>     > If you already have a Pi using the hostname `raspberrypi.local` you will need to connect using the Pi's IP address. Use the command `ssh pi@<IP_Address>`, where `<IP_Address>` is the IP address, for example `192.168.0.2`. You can find the IP address either using your routers management software, or using the [Adafruit Pi Finder utility](https://learn.adafruit.com/the-adafruit-raspberry-pi-finder/finding-and-connecting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If you already have a Pi using the hostname `raspberrypi.local` you will need to connect using the Pi's IP address. Use the command `ssh pi@<IP_Address>`, where `<IP_Address>` is the IP address, for example `192.168.0.2`. You can find the IP address either using your routers management software, or by disconnecting the other Raspberry Pi from the network and running `ping raspberrypi.local -4` in command prompt. 
```

Author: Is this a good solution? If you are using the other Pi for a particular task would you want to have to unplug it? Any reason for not using the Adafruit Pi finder?

Reviewer: The adafruit finder [doesn't detect Pi 4](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Pi-Finder/issues/78)s, and can't [detect multiple Pis](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Pi-Finder/issues/68) connected to the same network. 

I would say this solution is just ok, it'll get you unstuck if you you already have `raspberrypi.local` saved in .ssh folder.

Author: I learned something today! Thanks. Agree with the changes.
